Pl. 1
Picture of a seafood restaurant in Monterey, CA.

Narrator: Monterey, CA is now the playground of the rich and famous... though some of its visitors strike a different note.

Pl. 2
StatCat, DataDog, and Andy are seated at a table in the seafood restaurant.  Each is "dressed to impress" in an attempt to project an
air of wealthy sophistication, though the total effect is one of utter ridiculousness.  

SFX: Loud purring
StatCat: Oh yeah, baby, they serve filet de sardine here... I love those little fishies...
DataDog: You just gave me a brilliant idea.  Let's do a Informercial Data Story of our work with Wendy and her grandfather, Ed Jr..
Andy: ... you mean the lovely young lass who wants to be a marine biologist?

Pl. 3
DataDog: Yes, that's the one.  The story begins long, long ago when her grandfather was just a boy.


NOTES -------------------------------------------------------------------

Outline:
Grandfather (Ed Ricketts Jr) tells grandperson the story of the Sardine boom in the 1940s. He wants to pass on knowledge of Monte Rey to
granddaughter when Cannery Row was being written by John Steinbeck. He talks about meeting John Steinbeck and other famous people who
visited his dad’s Western Biological Station. Daughter gets a sense of how vibrant the economy was in Monte Rey and dependent on the
sardines. Grandfather expresses some mystery about how the sardine industry disappeared by 1953. What did we do? Did we overfish? How 
could this have come and gone and left our world forever altered?

This is the event that sets the granddaughter on the journey to understand what happened. To do that she has to go and look at the data.
How do we manage a natural resource like this? 

The other piece of the story is that the sardines came back in the 2000s that also has run its course. We’re in another collapse of the
fishery.  Maybe the grandfather is in an ailing state and the granddaughter feels a sense of urgency to share her findings with her
grandfather. To solve the mystery. His gift to her is a feel for the time and her gift is a retrospective understanding of what happened
through data.
